I'm Peppa Pig.
This is my little brother, George.
This is Mummy Pig.
And this is Daddy Pig.
Peppa pig.
The Museum!
Peppa and her family are
going to the museum.
Daddy, What is a museum?
It's a place full of interesting
things that are very old.
Older than you?
Yes, even older than me.
Ooooo!
Really old.
There is one room full of things
that belonged to kings and
queens from long ago.
I Want to see the king
and queen's room!
And there's another room
With a real dinosaur.
Wow! Dine-Saw!
Grrr.
Hello, Mummy Pig!
Hello, Ms. Rabbit
How many tickets, please?
Two adults and
two children.
Dine-Saw!
Grrrr.
And a dinosaur!
Peppa Wants to see the
room full of things
that belong to kings and
queens from long ago.
Wow!
Dine-Saw?
But George Wants to see
the real dinosaur.
Don't Worry, George.
We Will see the dinosaur next.
Peppa, these are all the things
that the queen had a long time ago.
This is the queen's special chair.
It's called a throne.
It's beautiful!
This is the queen's dress.
It's so pretty!
Look, Peppa. This is the
queen's golden crown.
Wow! What Iovely things!
Mummy, Where is the
queen's television?
They didn't have television then.
No television!
But they did have computers?
No, they didn't have
computers, either.
What did they do all day?
Mummy, if I Was the queen,
I Would eat as
much cake as I Wanted.
Peppa imagines being a queen.
Mmmmm... delicious!
ls there anything else you
Would care for, Queen Peppa?
Yes! More cake, please!
Of course.
Come on, everyone.
Coming, Daddy!
Daddy! I'm Queen Peppa!
You must bow When
you speak to me.
Oh! I'm most terribly sorry,
your royal highness.
And What do you do?
I'm your daddy.
Hmmm, that must be
very interesting.
Yes! It's very interesting!
And What room is this?
This is the dinosaur room.
The dinosaur room?
George! This is the
dinosaur room!
Dine-saw!
Where is the dinosaur?
He's somewhere in the room.
I can't see him.
He must be very small.
Actually, Peppa, he's very big!
Wow.
These are the bones of
a real dinosaur.
Dine-Saw!
ROOOAAARRr!
George imagines being
a big dinosaur.
It's a dinosaur!
Help! Help!
RRROOOAAARRr!
The dinosaur room is
George's favorite room!
My favorite room is
the king and queen's room.
And it looks as if Daddy Pig
is already in his favorite room.
Which room is that,
Mummy?
The room With the cakes in.
Daddy Pig's favorite room
is the museum cafe.
Come on, tuck in!
Oh, yes! This is a very nice room!
I'm Peppa Pig.
This is my little brother, George.
This is Mummy Pig.
And this is Daddy Pig.
Peppa pig.
Very Hot Day!
The sun is shining.
It is a very hot day.
What a Iovely, hot day!
Peppa and George are
Wearing their boots!
They are going to jump
in muddy puddles!
I love muddy puddles.